html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "https://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"
Restaurantes - Turim Hotels - Lisboa, Porto, Algarve, Coimbra, Sintra, Madeira e Açores
Book Here »
Select an Hotel
.............................................
City
Turim Lisboa Hotel
Turim Europa Hotel
Turim Ibéria Hotel
Turim Alameda Hotel
Turim Av Liberdade Hotel
Turim Luxe Hotel
Turim Restauradores Hotel
Turim Saldanha Hotel
Turim Terreiro do Paço
Turim Boulevard Hotel
.............................................
Field
Hotel Club d'Azeitão
.............................................
Algarve
Presidente Hotel
Algarve Mor Hotel
Turim Estrela do Vau Hotel
Nights
Close
Health and Safety Measures (+351) 210 330 800
☰ MENU
Booking
Hotels Events Destination Weddings Corporate Trade Concierge Promotions Recruitment Contacts
You are here: Index / /
Restaurants
Lisbon Turim Restaurant In the Restaurant Turim you will find a selection of typical Portuguese dishes every day. From traditional Bacalhau à Gomes Sá to Pork Fillet in the Oven, there is always a typical dish ready to satisfy the most demanding diners.
For lunch the Executive Menu is available for € 15, which...... see more dUk - Pizzeria Restaurant DUk - Pizzeria Restaurant is the Italian-inspired restaurant located next to Avenida da Liberdade, where you can taste the best thin-crust pizzas in town.
But in addition to the 12 varieties of thin crust...... see more Tsubaki Saldanha With the premise that Japanese cuisine is not just sushi, Tsubaki is a unique space inspired by nature, with a trendy decoration, where the focus is on creating a contemporary Japanese cuisine, based on the simplicity and freshness of the flavors , Which are not limited to sushi. This is why it is a concept of Japanese restaurant that aims to.... see more Mouzinho - Bar Mouzinho - Bar is located in downtown Lisbon, more precisely at the Turim Marquês Hotel. The name of the street where it is located - Mouzinho da Silveira - served as inspiration for the name of this bar, where combinations of unusual and unique flavors of Portuguese inspiration.... see more Salitre Restaurant The Salitre Restaurant is located on Rua do Salitre, the restaurant combines exquisite cuisine with the best of Portuguese cuisine, combined with a welcoming atmosphere ready to welcome you.
In this new...... see more Glory Pizzeria On the menu at Glory Pizzeria diversity is plenty and for all tastes. In addition to the 12 varieties of pizza, it also serves bruschettas, pasta, risottos, salads and a chocolate mousse that is already on the list of the best in the...... see more Gin Twist Bar At Gin Twist Bar you will find bartenders who specialize in Gin's mixology.
There are more than 10 varieties of Gin ready for the mastery of our barmen and for the most demanding palate. But the Gin Twist Bar's menu is extensive.... see more Tsubaki Marquês Tsubaki Marquês is a Japanese cuisine restaurant located at the Turin Marquês Hotel. The Tsubaki brand has become a reference in terms of traditional Japanese cuisine. Given the success of the first restaurant located in the Turin...... see more Boulevard Rooftop Boulevard Rooftop is on the terrace of the Turim Boulevard Hotel where you can enjoy one of the most beautiful views of downtown Lisbon. This space has a bar and swimming pool and here you can relax and drink something refreshing between dives. Boulevard Rooftop is a comfortable and sophisticated environment where you can spend unforgettable...... see more Glory Bar In a space that once was a fado house, the Glory Bar puts tradition and modernity together offering a wide selection of fresh and colorful cocktails and gins. The gin comes as storyteller with options for all tastes and...... see more Boulevard Bar Boulevard Bar, located in the hotel lobby, is the perfect place to have a drink after a day of shopping along Avenida da Liberdade or a day of work in the city. The sophisticated decoration enhances the comfort of the skin and the illuminated stone, in a perfect combination of warm tones.
Open.... see more Azeitão see more Madeira Rooftop 360º On the rooftop of the hotel is a magnificent rooftop, where there is the Bistro 360º restaurant, whose menu praises and reinterprets the best products in the region, and the Rooftop 360º Bar, which also provides support for the pool, solarium and lounge service. The ideal place to rest and contemplate the spectacular 360º landscape.. see more Bistro 360º Restaurant On the rooftop of the hotel is a magnificent rooftop, where there is the Bistro 360º restaurant, whose menu praises and reinterprets the best products in the region, and the Rooftop 360º Bar, which also provides support for the pool, solarium and lounge service. The ideal place to rest and contemplate the spectacular 360º landscape. see more
Location
Newsletter Turim Hotels
Subscribe our newsletter and get our latest news and promotions
I confirm that i have read and accept the Privacy Politic
Hotels
Turim Infante Hotel Turim Iberia Hotel Turim Europa Hotel Turim Restauradores Hotel Turim Av Liberdade Hotel Turim Saldanha Hotel Turim Luxe Hotel Turim Lisboa Hotel Turim Alameda Hotel Turim Terreiro do Paço Hotel Turim Marquês Hotel
Turim Boulevard Hotel Turim Av República Hotel Hotel Club D´Azeitão Turim Rainha Santa Hotel Turim Estrela do Vau Hotel Turim Algarve Mor Hotel Turim Presidente Hotel Turim Oporto Hotel Turim Santa Maria Hotel Turim Sintra Palace Hotel
Meetings and Events
Meetings Cocktails and Special Events Weddings and Baptisms
Restaurants
Turim Restaurant dUk - Pizzeria Restaurant Tsubaki Saldanha Mouzinho - Bar Salitre Restaurant Glory Pizzeria Gin Twist Bar Tsubaki Marquês Boulevard Rooftop Rooftop 360º Glory Bar Bistro 360º Restaurant Boulevard Bar
Turim Hotels Group
About Us
Recruitment
News
Contacts
Sales
Trade Corporate GDS Codes
Contact us
(+351) 210 330 800 >
reservas@turimhoteis.com
Oficial Soundtrack Turim Hotels
Ringtone > Download here
© 2020 Turim Hotels. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy | Alternative Consumption Dispute Resolution | Claims | Claims Book
Powered by Codezone
acordos empresas -
av liberdade hotel -
casamentos azeitão -
quintas para casamentos -
hoteis 4 estrelas lisboa -
hoteis 5 estrelas lisboa -
hoteis 5 estrelas portugal -
hoteis algarve -
hoteis bairro alto -
hoteis booking -
hoteis booking lisboa -
hoteis campo pequeno -
hoteis perto da gulbenkian -
hoteis perto do marquês de pombal -
hoteles y restaurantes -
hotels algarve -
hotels booking -
hotels lisbon -
hotéis -
hotéis baratos -
hotéis lisboa -
hotéis portimão -
hotéis próximos centro lisboa -
top hotels lisbon -
hotéis empresas -
hotéis novos -
hotel azeitão -
hotel estacionamento -
restaurante recomendado lisboa -
salas reunião -