html
Galo Resort Hotels - Galo Resort Hotels Madeira Resorts - Official Website
Galo Resort Hotels
Located on the top of a cliff in the south coast of the Island, with a magnificent view over the ocean and the Nature Reserve of Garajau, the Resort combines 3 different hotels.
Galo Resort Hotels
Galosol Hotel
Visit hotel website
Alpino Atlantico Hotel
Visit hotel website
Galomar Hotel
Visit hotel website
COVID19 Updates What's on Best Offers Experiences Madeira Island Sustainability Discover Hotels
Hotel
Choose
Galosol Hotel
Alpino Atlântico Hotel
Galomar Hotel
Check-in
Check-out
Adults
1
2
3
4
Children
0
1
2
3
Promo Code
Book Online
Best Available Rate
Why book with us?
Why book with us?
No Booking Fees We don't charge any booking fees for making reservations directly with us.
Online Reservation Guarantee By securing your direct online reservation with a credit card we guarantee your room.
Best Price Guarantee We're sure the best prices for our hotels are found on our websites.
Credit Card Safety Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard offering a secure e-commerce transaction.
Free WIFI Available
Galo Resort Hotels
Welcome
Now that you found us on-line let us introduce you to
Galo Resort Hotels
Madeira Active Holidays Resort
Only a short drive away from the Funchal International Airport “Cristiano Ronaldo”, located on the top of a cliff in the south coast of the Island, this Active Holidays Resort, in Caniço-de-baixo, combines three different hotels: Galosol, Alpino Atlântico and Galomar.
Discover Madeira Island and enjoy an unforgettable stay in our Resort. We offer a unique active holidays experience with all the services and activities you could dream in a unique atmosphere that features stunning ocean views, private bathing complex, a unique sports club, exclusive activities partners, local and international cuisine. Our challenge is to make your holidays an unforgettable active experience.
With different concepts, our three hotels feature leisure facilities to guarantee the perfect active holiday experience, in addition to banquet rooms for weddings, meetings and conferences.
"Three different Hotels add up to offer a unique experience."
Ayurveda Hotel
Alpino Atlântico
Family Friendly
Galosol Hotel
Adults Friendly
Galomar Hotel
Enjoy the ocean
Ocean and Pools
Located on the top of a cliff over a private ocean bay, Galo Resort offers a private bathing complex, 3 outdoor pools and an indoor pool.
Taste the local specials
Restaurants and Bars
During your holidays enjoy our restaurants and bars. For a delicious meal at your choice, our buffet restaurant, a pizzeria and a fish and seafood grill restaurant. For cocktails, wine, gelattos, bites and night entertainment choose one of our bars in loco.
Holistic relaxation based on the 5 elements
Ashoka SPA
With a unique ocean front location our SPA offers our guests a truly holistic experience. Enjoy our panoramic ocean view saunas, the relaxing massages and beauty treatments. Panoramic saunas (Bio and Finnish) |Turkish Bath | Infra-Red sauna | Panoramic resting room with terrace | Aromatic Herbs Garden
Feel the energy
Galo Active Health Club
Galo Active offers an extensive schedule of classes (+50 lessons per week) from traditional freestyle to Les Mills programs using a wide range of areas and venues for sports activities practice including a training room, a cross training room, a yoga studio, a Pilates studio, 3 squash courts, indoor pool + whirlpool and bio and Finnish saunas. All hotels guests have free access to the gym facilities and classes.
Feel alive
Experiences in the Nature
We invite all our guests to take the most of their stay and to explore Madeira Island Nature. From hiking to canyoning, snorkeling, diving, stand up paddling, kayaking, trail running, Madeira Island challenges you to unique experiences in the Nature.
Feel Positive
Sustainability Committed
At Galo Resort hotels’ we offer our guests a sustainable vacations experience, where you will have an active and important role. Discover our commitments with sustainability and the small everyday steps towards the environment protection and our community benefit. Our main objectives are to change habits and raise awareness. Join us!
Check them out
Awards and Certifications
The recognition of our daily works makes us proud. From environmental certification, tour operators awards, guests satisfaction rankings. Check them all here.
Classes and programs
Yoga
The resort appeals to yoga practioners with special yoga venues and bilingual yoga instructors. Yoga sessions, yoga material and Yoga special events.
What's on?
Check the activities you can enjoy during your stay.
Benefits Program Special code
Galo Benefits program is our official program to reward and thank returning loyal guests. In order to be a member, you just have to book directly through our website or our reservations department.
Ayurveda
Are you Vata, Pitta or Kapha?
Oldtimer
Are you a Time Traveller?
Diving
Are you a Diver?
Hiking
Are you a Hiker?
Outdoor
Are you an explorer?
Beach Glamping
Are you a Dreamer?
SPA
Are you Relaxed?
Local Food
Are you a Food Lover?
Awards & Certifications
Subscribe to Galo Resort Hotels newsletter If you would like to receive these newsletters, please provide us with your information.
Thank you.
We take your privacy very seriously. The information you submit to us will not be disclosed to others.
Name: Email: Country:
Country Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire St Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands United States Virgin Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
I accept the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy and Personal Data Policy, which is an integral part thereof
If you wish to stop receiving our newsletter, Click here.
#beactivefeelalive Share your experience
Pinterest Galo Resort Hotels
Instagram Galo Resort Hotels
Facebook Galo Resort Hotels
Linked Inn Galo Resort Hotels
Twitter Galo Resort Hotels
Youtube Galo Resort Hotels
Holiday Check Galo Resort Hotels
Tripadvisor Galo Resort Hotels
Holiday Check Galo Resort Hotels
Tripadvisor Galo Resort Hotels
Holiday Check Galo Resort Hotels
Tripadvisor Galo Resort Hotels
Galo Resort Hotels
Caniço de Baixo , 9125-031 / Phone +351 291 930 930
Contact Us Recrutamento Subscribe Newsletter Unsubscribe Newsletter Sustainability Diving & Snorkeling Ayurveda Hiking Outdoor Activities Glamping Pizzeria Galosol Complimentary Services Lido Galomar SPA Galo Active Casa da Oliveira Villa Allergy Friendly Hotel Best Offers What's on Certifications Experiences Sitemap Room Directory Privacy and Data Policy Galo mascots Tour Operators Galo Benefits Program
Scroll top
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and provide you the best service possible. Continuing browsing the site you consent to their use. View more Ok